●What is Emmet?
Emmet is a plugin used for high speed coding and it is platform independent from any text editor


● Difference between a Library and Framework?

Library provide developer predefined function and classes for developer to boost their development process
by using library user can control the flow of application and call the library when user wants
library aere collection of modules obj classes function templates
You can edit their code to meet particular needs and it is geared toward a particular program to solve a specific decelopment problem

Framework on the other hand is like the foundation on which developer buid application for specific development platforms
-Control is Inverted that is framework control the flow of the program it consist of api,compilers,toolssets
-Using them you cann build and deploy application in a standard way as framwork as framework already provide code to perform common task
-It is not easy to replace the framework rather library do 


● What is CDN? Why do we use it?

CDN is a network of interconnected servers that speed up webpage 
loading for heavy data application when a user visit a website data from that website server has 
to travel across the internet to reach the user computers if it is located far it will take time for load large file 
instead the website content is stored on cdn servers geographically closer to users and reaches faster

CDN reduce latency or reduce the delay in communication created by a network design

● Why is React known as React?
React is one of many libraries and it's completely frontend and specializes in things that the user interacts with when they're 
using a website. This could be buttons, search bars and menus. “And it's called React because it reacts



● What is crossorigin in script tag?
● What is diference between React and ReactDOM

React library is responsible for creating views 
and ReactDOM library is responsible to actually render UI in the browser. 
React is a library that is specifically designed to interact with DOM for us. From now onwards we don’t update DOM directly instead we’re going to 
tell react to update the DOM for us. React will take care of rendering and reconciling the element for us through the command we give to react.

Once you’ve created the React element. Then you want to see it in the Browser. But Browser doesn’t understand the React element.
 ReactDOM is the middleman that renders the React element in the browser.
ReactDOM comes with some useful methods but the method in which we are interested is render.
It takes 2 parameters describe as what(element you want to render) and where(the location where you want to render).


● What is difference between react.development.js and react.production.js files via CDN?

react.development.js - More developer friendly, readable, will take more size.
react.production.js - Minified code that is not developer friendly as it focused on decreasing in file size, code efficiency.


● What is async and defer? 

The async and defer attributes both allow the browser to continue parsing the HTML document 
while JavaScript files are being downloaded, but they differ in when those files are executed.

Async downloads and executes JavaScript as soon as it’s available, while defer attribute waits until the HTML document has been parsed before downloading and executing any external scripts.

In most cases, it doesn’t matter which attribute you use – both will improve performance by allowing the browser to continue parsing 
while waiting for JavaScript to download. 
However, there are some situations where one attribute may be preferable to the other.
